README.rst, before:

{% set is_open_source = cookiecutter.open_source_license != 'Proprietary' -%}
{% for _ in cookiecutter.project_name %}={% endfor %}
{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}
{% for _ in cookiecutter.project_name %}={% endfor %}

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/v/{{ cookiecutter.anaconda_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}?logo=anaconda&style=flat-square
   :target: https://anaconda.org/{{ cookiecutter.anaconda_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}

{% if is_open_source %}
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/{{ cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}?logo=codecov&style=flat-square
{% else %}
.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/{{  cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=CODECOV_BADGE_TOKEN
{%- endif %}
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/{{ cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/CODACY_BADGE_TOKEN?logo=codacy&style=flat-square
   :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/{{ cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{  cookiecutter.project_repo }}
   :alt: Codacy Badge

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code--style-black-black?style=flat-square
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black

{% if is_open_source %}
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}.svg&style=flat-square
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo | replace("_", "-") }}/badge/?version=latest&style=flat-square
   :target: https://{{ cookiecutter.project_repo | replace("_", "-") }}.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status
{%- endif %}

{% if cookiecutter.add_pyup_badge == 'y' and false %}
.. image:: https://pyup.io/repos/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}/shield.svg&style=flat-square
   :target: https://pyup.io/repos/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}/
   :alt: Updates
{% endif %}


{{ cookiecutter.project_short_description }}

{% if is_open_source %}
* Free software: {{ cookiecutter.open_source_license }}
* Documentation: https://{{ cookiecutter.project_repo | replace("_", "-") }}.readthedocs.io.
{% endif %}

Features
--------

* TODO

Credits
-------

This package was created with Cookiecutter_ and the `sodre/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`sodre/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/sodre/cookiecutter-pypackage

Commit message:

Update the README.rst footer
Indicate package was created using ht-render action and the ght-pypackage template.

README.rst, after:

{% set is_open_source = cookiecutter.open_source_license != 'Proprietary' -%}
{% for _ in cookiecutter.project_name %}={% endfor %}
{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}
{% for _ in cookiecutter.project_name %}={% endfor %}

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/v/{{ cookiecutter.anaconda_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}?logo=anaconda&style=flat-square
   :target: https://anaconda.org/{{ cookiecutter.anaconda_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}

{% if is_open_source %}
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/{{ cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}?logo=codecov&style=flat-square
{% else %}
.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/{{  cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=CODECOV_BADGE_TOKEN
{%- endif %}
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/{{ cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/CODACY_BADGE_TOKEN?logo=codacy&style=flat-square
   :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/{{ cookiecutter.github_organization }}/{{  cookiecutter.project_repo }}
   :alt: Codacy Badge

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code--style-black-black?style=flat-square
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black

{% if is_open_source %}
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}.svg&style=flat-square
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo | replace("_", "-") }}/badge/?version=latest&style=flat-square
   :target: https://{{ cookiecutter.project_repo | replace("_", "-") }}.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status
{%- endif %}

{% if cookiecutter.add_pyup_badge == 'y' and false %}
.. image:: https://pyup.io/repos/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}/shield.svg&style=flat-square
   :target: https://pyup.io/repos/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo }}/
   :alt: Updates
{% endif %}


{{ cookiecutter.project_short_description }}

{% if is_open_source %}
* Free software: {{ cookiecutter.open_source_license }}
* Documentation: https://{{ cookiecutter.project_repo | replace("_", "-") }}.readthedocs.io.
{% endif %}

Features
--------

* TODO


-------

This package was created with ght-render_ and the `sodre/ght-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _ght-render: https://github.com/sodre/action-ght-render
.. _`sodre/ght-pypackage`: https://github.com/sodre/ght-pypackage
